Petitioner: Google Inc.
Beneficiary: Arunesh Mishra.
Exhibits


A. Letters of recommendation.

  I will try to get letters from the following people:

   1. Prof. Suman Banerjee. He is a professor at the University of Wisconsin, Madison. I conducted research with him as a Postdoc 
Research Scientist.

   2. Prof. William Arbaugh. My thesis advisor at the University of Maryland, College Park, where I obtained my PhD.

    Others are experts in my domain that are aware of my work :

   3. Dr. Dina Papagianakki. Intel Research.

   4. Prof. Songwu. Professor at University of California, Los Angeles.

   5. Dr. Ulas Kozat. NTT DoCoMo.
 
   6. Dr. Samir Das. SUNY at Stony Brook.

   7. Dr. Srikanth Krishnamurthy. University of California Riverside.

   8. Dr. Lili Qiu.  University of Texas at Austin.

   9. Dr. Edward Knightly. Rice University.

   10. Dr. James Kempf, NTT DoCoMo.

   11. Dr. Ravi Jain, Google.

   12. Rajendra Kr Singh, Wireless Engineer, TeamF1.

   13. Dr. Haiyun Luo.

Question: I suppose I should draft a letter for each of these experts above and send them to you first. Now the letters should be 
sufficiently different from each other yet contain certain key elements. What are these elements that I should insert into each 
of these letters ?

B. Beneficiary’s Manuscripts, Publications, and Presentations

    There are 26 publications in all. Please see attached CV for journal and conference publications. The papers have appeared in 
all top tier conference in the area of wireless and mobile systems.

Question: What kind of evidence should I produce for these papers ? They have been published in top conferences and journals.


C. Receipt of Major Prizes or Awards for Outstanding Achievement in the Academic Field.

    *

      President of India’ Gold medal for academic excellence in undergraduate degree program.


Dr. Mishra’s work has received recognition in the media. His analysis of the security vulnerabilities in the IEEE 802.1x protocol 
was cited in popular media cites, including CNN:

    *

      CNN, PCWorld, ZDNet News, Slashdot, “Researchers claim to crack wireless security”, Feburary 18, 2002.
    *

      CNET Asia, “Wireless network security shows cracks”, Feburary 19, 2002.
    *

      BusinessWeek Online, “This LAN is Whose LAN?”, Feburary 21, 2002.

D. Published material in professional publications written by others about the alien's work in the academic field-

Question.   I can produce a list of papers that talk about the work in some of my papers. I can also produce a list of advanced 
graduate level courses taught in top universities that teach the content from some of my papers. Would this suffice in justifying 
this particular point ?

E. Evidence of the alien's participation as the judge of the work of others in the same or an allied academic field.

 

    *

      Dr. Mishra has been invited to review research contributions in all of the top tier conferences and journals in the area of 
wireless and mobile systems. These specifically include IEEE Infocom, ACM ICNP, IEEE Globecom, IEEE WCNC, ACM Mobicom, ACM MC2R, 
IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing, IEEE Transactions on Networking, Wiley Wireless Journal and the ACM MONET Journal.
    *

      Dr. Mishra has served, on invitation, in the technical program committees for the following conferences: The 14thThe 14th 
International Conference on High Performance  Computing (HiPC), 2007; the 14th The International Conference on
              Advanced Computing and Communication (ADCOM), 2007;  the Fifth Annual IEEE Communications Society Conference on 
Sensor, Mesh and Ad Hoc Communications and Networks (SECON), 2008, and WiMesh, the third IEEE workshop on Wireless Mesh Networks.

Question: I am really unsure what evidence I can produce to back these statements.    

F. Evidence of the individual's original scientific or scholarly research contributions .

Dr. Mishra has the following patents (either accepted or pending):

Issued:

    *

      Method for fast roaming in a wireless network. Patent # 7,263,357. Issued August 28, 2007.

    *

      Method for performing authenticated handover in a wireless local area network. Patent # 7,236,477. Issued June 26, 2007.
    * Secure roaming in Wireless Networks, U.S. Patent 7,400,604 Issued July 2008.

Pending:

    *

      Probing method for fast handoﬀ in WLAN, May 4, 2006.
    *

      Method for performing handoﬀ context-transfer in wireless network, April 21, 2005.
    *

      Method and System for client-driven channel management in wireless communication networks, April, 2007.
    *

      System and Method for Achieving wireless communications with enhanced usage of spectrum through eﬃcient use of overlapping 
channels, June, 2007.


Question: What evidence should I produce to back the above statements ?


Thanks for your help.
